The following Release Notes should be read before attempting to 
use the beta version of the Compaq IDA Host Bust Adapter Driver.

Release Notes for Compaq Intelligent Drive Array (IDA)
------------------------------------------------------

The Compaq IDA is drive array technology used to distribute data
across a series of hard disks.  It unites these hard disks into
a single higher-performance logical drive.  The drive array is
managed by the Compaq IDA Controller.  All four Compaq IDA 
controllers -- IDA, IDA-2, IDAE, and SMART -- are supported
by the Compaq IDA HBA Driver.


PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INSTALLATION NOTES BEFORE CONTINUING:


Installation Notes
------------------

If you are installing with a SMART controller:

	Insert the Compaq HBA Drivers Diskette when prompted at installation
	time.  The install will take place using the IDA HBA Driver.

If you are installing with IDA, IDA-2, or IDAE controllers:

	After installation is complete and you have rebooted the system, 
	insert the Compaq HBA Drivers Diskette and type

		pkgadd -d diskette1 ida

	This will install the IDA HBA Driver and schedule an idbuild
	for the next time you reboot.  After the next reboot, the IDE
	emulation will be disabled and you will be running with the
	IDA HBA Driver.

System Configuration:
---------------------

Configure logical drives using the Compaq EISA Configuration Utilities
disk.  The HBA Driver expects the first controller to be installed at
interrupt 10.  

When configuring multiple IDA controllers, if the boards are not
in ascending slot order, the iobase address in the System file
must include the correct slot number (i.e. the iobase address for
a board in slot 2 would be 2c80 through 2c9f).  If the boards are inserted
in slot order, the driver will find the controllers and automatically
detect the boot device.  

If there are multiple controllers installed at the same interrupt, it
will be necessary to edit the System file, /etc/conf/sdevice.d/ida.
The driver is installed to detect level-sensitive interrupts, type 4.
Below is a sample System file with two ida controllers configured.

$version 1
ida	Y	0	5	4	10	1c80	1c9f	0	0	-1
ida	Y	-1	5	4	10	2c80	2c9f	0	0	-1

The unit number field of the System file should be -1 for all controllers
except the boot controller, which should be unit number 0.

Tested Configurations:
----------------------
SMART controller as bootable controller with 1 and 2 logical drives.

SMART controller as bootable controller with 1 logical drive and 
	IDAE controller with one drive.

IDA-2 controller as bootable controller with 1 and 2 logical drives.

IDA-2 controller as bootable controller with 1 logical drive and 
	IDA controller with one drive. 

IDA controller as bootable controller with 1 logical drive.

