Dear SCO Customer,

The enclosed UnixWare Release Supplement:

        uw7rs - SCO UnixWare 7 Release Supplement

corrects problems in the following packages:

	Base System 					(base)	
	Internet Utilities				(inet) 
	Network File System Utilities			(nfs)
	OS Multiprocessor Support (OSMP)		(osmp)
	Multipath I/O Driver				(mpio) 
	VERITAS Volume Manager 				(vxvm)
	X11R6 X Server 					(xserver)
	TriTeal Enterprise Desktop (CDE Desktop) 	(TEDdesk)
	CDE Desktop Developers Include Files		(TEDdincl)
	CDE Japanese EUC catalogs and miscellany 	(TEDljpe)
	Language Supplement				(ls)
	SCO System Administration (SCOadmin)		(scoadmin)

If you are about to install any of these packages, please quit
this UnixWare 7 Release Supplement installation, install those
packages first, and then install this supplement.

Please note which packages are affected by this supplement.
If you later install any of these packages on your system, you must
reinstall this Release Supplement to get the fixes for those packages.

More detailed notes on the fixes included in this Release Supplement
can be found on the FTP server or, after its installation, in: 

		/var/sadm/pkg/uw7rs/install/uw7rs.txt

Software Notes and Recommendations
----------------------------------

uw7rs should only be installed on the following releases:

        UnixWare 7

Running the command:

	$ uname -sv

will return "UnixWare 7" if this release is installed.


Installation Instructions
-------------------------
1. Download the uw7rs.Z and uw7rs.txt files to the /tmp directory
   on your machine.

2. As root, uncompress the file and add the package to your
   system using these commands:

       $ su
       # uncompress /tmp/uw7rs.Z
       # pkgadd -d /tmp/uw7rs

3. A system reboot is REQUIRED following installation of this SLS.

During the installation of the Release Supplement, the following
message may appear:

UX:pkginstall: WARNING: filename <no longer a linked file>

This message can be ignored. It is an information message
displayed by pkginstall(1M) when a hard link is being broken.


Removal Instructions
---------------------
1. As root, remove the package using these commands:

       $ su
       # pkgrm uw7rs

2. A system reboot is REQUIRED following removal of this SLS.

If you have questions regarding this release supplement, or the product
on which it is installed, please contact your software supplier.

We appreciate your business.

SCO Support Services
